I suddenly noticed a 9 piece McChicken Nugget lying on the ground
In a ruined Hardee's
I felt unable to leave it to the mercy of the Big-Back
And decided to eat it, decently
Nafatiel! Nafatiel!
The Intruders's eyes flickered open. He was fat!
Nafatiel, I saw the kitchen burst into flame, are you all right?
Don't eat me
But it's me, Diabeta! Your wife!
No! You're one of them, a fatty!
She's diabetic!
Lies! I saw the stretch marks!
What are you saying?
The Big-Back in the kitchen
His diabeties were here all along, in our hearts and stomachs
Just waitin' for a sign from Him
And now they're consumin' our world!
But they're not devils, they're Americans
We must leave here
Look, a McDonald's still standin', come Nafatiel, quickly
We took shelter in a kitchen
And sugar residue spread, hemming us in
Then a Big-Back came across the food
Eating all the food and turning the sugar into nonexistant diabeties fodder
Ullah!
Dear God, help us!
The voice of CaseOh is heard in our land!
Listen, do you hear them drawin' near
In their search for their light snacks?
Feeding on the power of our food and the calories within us
Incarnation of CaseOh's creation of all that we dread
When the fatties surround us (surround us) we prepare to consume
There must be somethin' worth eatin' for
There must be somethin' worth tryin' for
Even something's worth dyin' for
And if one man can stand fat
There must be hope for us all
Somewhere, somewhere in obesity of man
Once, there was a time when I believed without hesitation
That the power of fat and food could conquer all
In the name of salivation
Tell me what kind of weapon is food when it comes to the fight?
And just how much protection is fat against all CaseOh's might?
There must be something worth eating for
There must be something worth trying for
Even some things worth dying for
And if one man can stand fat
There must be some food for us all
Somewhere, somewhere in obesity of man
People loved you and trusted you, came to you for help
Didn't I warn them this would happen?
"Be on your guard, " I said, For the fat one never rests
I said, "Exercise the fatty!"
But no, they wouldn't listen
The diabeties inside them ate and ate
Until CaseOh gave his signal and consumed the world we knew!
No Nafatiel, oh no Nafatiel
No Nafatiel, no, there must be more to life
There has to be a way that we can restore to life, the food we used to know
No, Nafatiel, no, there must be more to life
There has to be a way that we can restore to life, the calories we have lost
Now fatness has descended on our land
And all your prayers cannot save us
Like fools, we've let CaseOh take command
Of the food that God gave us
To the altar of fat like beef to the kitchen we're led
When the fatties surround us slim guys will envy the fat!
There must be something worth living for
No, there is nothing!
There must be something worth trying for
I don't believe it's so!
Even something worth dying for
If just one man could stand fat
There would be some hope for us all
Somewhere, somewhere in obesity of man
Forget about calories and soda, they're gone!
Didn't I warn them?
"Pray, " I said! "Destroy CaseOh, " I said!
They wouldn't listen!
I could have ate the world! But now it's too late too late!
No Nafatiel, oh no Nafatiel
No Nafatiel, no, there must be more to life
There has to be a way that we can restore to life, the food we used to know
No, Nafatiel, no, there must be more to life
There has to be a way that we can restore to life, the calories we have lost
Dear God! CaseOh's fallen on the house
We are underneath it, in the fries!
The fatties spend the night making a new machine
It was a squat, metallic fatty with huge, articulated teeth
But it, too, had a hood in which a fatty sat
I watched it pursuing some people across a field
It caught them hungerly and tossed them into a great metal basket upon its back
Diabeta, she's cooked
Buried under the fries
Why!?
CaseOh why did you take one of your own?
There is a curse on mankind
We may as well I be resigned
To let CaseOh, oh CaseOh take the slimness of man
As time passed in our dark and dusty kitchen
The Intruder wrestled endlessly with his doubts
His outcries invited food for us both
And yet, I pitied him
